Clarify logs export concurrency (#4173)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/logs/sdk.md

configured [LogRecordExporter](#logrecordexporter), as soon as they are
finished.

The processor MUST synchronize calls to `LogRecordExporter`'s `Export`

> to make sure that they are not invoked in parallel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to make sure that they are not invoked concurrently.
```

> to make sure that they are not executed in parallel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to make sure that they are not invoked in parallel.
```

of `LogRecord`s and passes the export-friendly `ReadableLogRecord`
representations to the configured `LogRecordExporter`.

The processor MUST synchronize calls to `LogRecordExporter`'s `Export`

> to make sure that they are not invoked in parallel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to make sure that they are not invoked concurrently.
```

that will implement this function are typically expected to serialize and
transmit the data to the destination.

> `Export` will never be called concurrently for the same exporter instance.

Author: Never called concurrently with other `Export` calls or ANY exporter method calls?

Author: **From https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/issues/4134#issuecomment-2218883965**

Current state:
[.NET](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/blob/main/src/OpenTelemetry/SimpleExportProcessor.cs#L29), [C++](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-cpp/blob/main/sdk/src/logs/simple_log_record_processor.cc#L45-L46), [Rust](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust/blob/main/opentelemetry-sdk/src/logs/log_processor.rs#L101) - SimpleProcessor synchronize calls to export(), so that only one export() is active at any point.
[Java](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java/blob/main/sdk/logs/src/main/java/io/opentelemetry/sdk/logs/export/SimpleLogRecordProcessor.java#L63C2-L79C4), Go, [Python](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/blob/main/opentelemetry-sdk/src/opentelemetry/sdk/trace/export/__init__.py#L108-L113) - SimpleProcessor does not synchronize calls to export(), allowing concurrent export().

Author: This PR currently assumes that `Export` should not be called concurrently with other `Export` calls for the same exporter instance.
